Let's set up a triage call.
We're gonna have this thing
send us a reminder once every,
we'll say, week to post the open items.
And to make that work,
we're gonna create a new function.
So I'm gonna open up code.
And in here under my source, I'm gonna
create a new function called reminder.ts.
And inside reminder,
we're going to set up a new
handler that is a type though,
so we can make that a type.
And then I also want schedule,
which is the way that Netlify
functions handle cron jobs.
I'm also going to import get
new items from the notion,
and I'm gonna import blocks, and
the Slack API helper from the Slack utils.
Then we're gonna create a new function
called postnewNotionItemsToSlack.
Nice descriptive function name there.
And that's gonna be an async
function that is going to
grab the items by a weight, getNewItems.
So now we've got the items from
Notion in this items variable and
we can send them off to Slack.
So we're gonna await Slack API and
use the chat.postMessage,
send it to our general channel,
which I'm going to grab out of here.
So click on the channel itself,
go down to the bottom, grab that channel.
We could have put that
into the environment.
No real reason that I didn't other than
I didn't think about it until just now.
Then we're gonna set up blocks.
And for these, we're gonna use
blocks.section and send in some text.
And our text is going to be, so
I wanna make this kind of
a multi-line piece of text.
And this is a trick that I learned
to avoid having a lot of line break
characters and stuff, is you can make
an array and then join it on a new line.
So I'm going to say,
here are the opinions awaiting judgment.
Then we wanna set up just an empty line.
And then we're going to items.map to
get our list of items for display.
So we'll get the item.
And for each of these,
we're going to do a dash to make a list,
and we'll get the item.opinion and
then add the spice level.
Spice level is going
to be item.spicelevel,
Okay, so
you'll see we spread that here, and
that means that each one of these
is now a line in this setup.
And I'm gonna add another empty line and
we're gonna say,
see all items and add a link.
So we'll say https.notion,
or https://notion.com/.
Then we're gonna put in that database ID.
Because, well, Notion usually shows
you the space name in the URL.
You can just drop in a database ID and
it will work.
And then this is another kind
of interesting Slack thing.
So we're opening up these pointy boys
to do a link, but I want it to be text.
So I can just add a pipe and
then the text I want it to be, and
Notion will turn that into link text.
Again, that's,
I don't know why Notion does things, or
sorry, why Slack does things like that,
but that was a choice they made,
and we must abide by it.
So then we can join the whole
thing using a newline character.
And that way what we get is
a multi-paragraph chunk of text that gets
sent to the browser or
into the the Slack channel.
So we can save that.
And then underneath it,
we're going to return statusCode of 200.
Now cron jobs don't need anybody,
so you don't have to send one back.
And to actually set up the cron part
of this, we're gonna export a const
called handler, and
then we imported that schedule function.
So the first argument here
is gonna be the cron, and
then the second piece is gonna be
the function that gets called.
So I'm gonna use, I could just
guess at what one of these is, but
instead, I'm gonna use a really
cool tool called crontab.guru.
And what this does is, it lets you kind
of do this a little more human readably.
So if you come in here and you say,
we'll just set this to be like this,
every minute it would run our cron job.
So then you can say every 15 minutes or
at minute 0, so hourly, right?
And then we could also say,
run it at noon, which is what we want, but
then we also want it to be run on a day.
So we want this to be, why don't we run
it a day of the week instead, right?
There we go.
So every
Monday at noon we want this to run.
So maybe ours is gonna be 9.
Now you gotta play with this a little
bit because you gotta figure out what
the offset is between the deployed
server and your location,
like your team's location.
Because they don't give
you a timezone offset,
you just kinda have to
figure out how this works.
But this seems good.
So every Monday at 9AM, we're gonna
run this, and you'll see how it works.
So then when we come in here and
set this, It sits just like this.
And that'll tell it to run every Monday,
but then we wanna test this.
So why don't we also set
this to run every minute for
a little bit and
then we'll change that back.
So now this is running.
And if I go out to my browser,
only in testing, you can do this.
And it's actually gonna yell at me for
trying, but it's okay.
So I'm gonna hit API Slack, and
this time I'm going to hit Reminder.
Am I on the wrong version of this?
We're running on This version.
So I can replace the hash there and
hit it.
And it says, you perform an HTTP
request for the reminder,
which is a scheduled function.
You can do it to test locally,
but it won't work in production.
Now assuming that did what we wanted,
hey, here we go.
We've got a reminder from our Food Fight
app that says, what all of the open
items are, and then has a link to follow
through and see them all in notion.